hey guys whore motion movie here
bringing you the classic toy soldiers
issued Japanese infantryman let's begin
all right first off we'll start with the
Japanese riflemen he's in like a bent
knee position holding the type 99 air
soccer rifle next is the standing
Japanese rifleman the time line that
rifle and helmet on
he's also he also had in the back AG a
piece of cloth hanging down from the
back of his helmet for the heat his
canteen stockings on next is the
kneeling Japanese image human now this
rifle is different from the other rifles
show you example his rifle is most
definitely a type 99 rifle has that
little piece sticking out there
no his rifle it's like clothes and it
kind of looks like the tip of a m1
garand rifle if I could train zoom in on
it you can see a better view of it it's
yeah right down yeah like right there
it's like the tip of an m1 garand almost
and I think it's a type 38 rifle instead
of at 899 and next is a another Japanese
infantry soldier been dead to me kind of
looks like he's trying to pass someone
but he doesn't have a bayonet no banner
and next is the prone Japanese soldier
got 99 rifle ring a Japanese hat with
that cloth hanging out in the back
protect him from the Sun
now that was been cool for the classic
toy soldier brand Japanese infantryman
came with like a sniper scope but you
could still use these as snipers that's
what I'm gonna do when I use them in the
movies they're gonna be serving as
snipers next is the Japanese type 92
heavy machine gun crow got the Japanese
soldier here on me to type 92 every
machine gun already the strafe enemy is
on the beach or from a cave and he got
the Japanese soldier feeling with type
92 its ammo strip and it also came with
another Japanese soldier with a type 92
heavy machine them yeah they're they're
fairly well detailed tell him detail
could have been better and a lot of the
parts are like kind of like bendable
almost yeah see that one like it where
the handle is to shoot it's like broken
off but it still works so yeah this is
the classic toy soldiers Japanese
infantry wrapping inside and have a good
day